http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Finger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selwyn_Lloyd, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Churchill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gestapo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Clemente_Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Si
http://dbpedia.org/resource/REP_Parasol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sarah_Jane_Adventures, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Who_Confidential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HBO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanislav_Morozov, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Morozov_(figure_skater)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronaldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2nd_Foreign_Infantry_Regiment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SR_class_3Sub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise_(How_I_Met_Your_Mother), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Gunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rishikesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airtours_International_Airways, http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PCL_Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonas_Brothers, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Jonas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemont,_Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_de_Cervantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading,_Berkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Thurrock, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niederkirchnerstraße
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Moffat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21Vianet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_D._Levinson, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_(software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Loop_Printing_House_District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ombla, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganymede_(moon), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galileo_Galilei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He's_a_Liar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Servilius_Vatia_Isauricus_(consul_48_BC), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Calpurnius_Bibulus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saima_Chowdhury, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_Peak_(California), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hoffmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Covenant_Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_from_the_North_Country, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moondog_Matinee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_of_the_City, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reza_Amrollahi, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roh_Tae-woo, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Leffingwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapindales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwo_ka, http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roundhead_(Wyandot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Johnston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/François-Marie_Le_Marchand_de_Lignery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Giannini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Scherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minjoo_Party_of_Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McDonnell_Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gales_Ferry,_Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Detroit,_MI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England_national_under-21_football_team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timmy_Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosario,_Santa_Fe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non-governmental_organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motor_vehicle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Sampson, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Clara_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Front-engine,_four-wheel-drive_layout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pong_Pha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Trusty, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Ayres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aureus, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solidus_(coin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chestnut_white-bellied_rat, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broken_Code, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Gunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shallot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nord_(video_game), http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beauty_Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albania, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Agnel_Multipurpose_School_and_Junior_College, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vishwajyot_High_School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Hawke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taguig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Johansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikaros_Smederna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hockey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Marve, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neria_Douglass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Damascus, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josiah_Idowu-Fearon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspian_Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington_County,_Virginia, http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Department_of_Defense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afrika_Baby_Bam, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Latifah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuo_Hirai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Marcos_River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_fusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogumilus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Rights_Party_(Cambodia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croix_de_guerre_1939–1945_(France)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INKAS, http://dbpedia.org/resource/T.I._Ahmadiyya_Senior_High_School,_Kumasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1st_Free_French_Division
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediterranean_Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filipinos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tessa_Dahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Ryan_(politician), http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Senate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ananda_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowombat_Flat, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Mouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2015_Argentine_Primera_División
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klang_Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Desert_(Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Domestic_Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_New_Orleans_(song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhorstoke_nebo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cy-Fair_High_School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blayse, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy_Riley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Where_You_Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merlin_Express, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cibao_International_Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilton,_Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Box_girder_bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Transport_Authority_(Western_Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Municipal_council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques-Désiré_Laval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Sullivan_Is_Getting_Married
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Londo_Mollari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashid_Behbudov_State_Song_Theatre, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baku_Puppet_Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commodore_CDTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Johnson_(producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fusil_Gras_mle_1874
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_281, http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Antonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixar_Image_Computer, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Catmull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhode_Island_Route_15
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Merger, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trump_Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KOMC_(AM), http://dbpedia.org/resource/KOMC-FM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asiana_Airlines, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeju_International_Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennessee_State_Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishirō_Honda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dowra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Model_C, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragons'_Den_(UK_TV_series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Napanee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channel_District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vagif_Aliyev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catwoman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacillus, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacteria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baraily, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jowai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siege_of_Fort_Recovery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germanic_languages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duane_Allman, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibson_Les_Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzania_national_football_team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motor_vehicle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Speelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheryl_Tiegs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papeete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Foreign_Policy_of_Freedom, http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Trumbull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gervase_Helwys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Kokott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jann_Wenner, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_J._Gleason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_HD, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Who_Confidential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micronesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_J._Gleason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thames_Estuary, http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Williams_(New_Zealand_footballer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Globe_Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Jim's_Pizza, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Purcell, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Bryant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Hulk_(1982_TV_series), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_de_Guzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtual_Kasparov, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Agnel_Multipurpose_School_and_Junior_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blizzard_Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading,_Berkshire, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloucestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Barrancas, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Gadsden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GM_B_platform
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglo-Frisian_languages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novelas_ejemplares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Spielberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBC, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frasier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_station_(CTA_Blue_Line), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janata_Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington_County,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Pressman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Random_House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_State_Sun_Devils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Werleman, http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Mediterranean_Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khmer_Issarak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2013–14_Marquette_Golden_Eagles_men's_basketball_team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahpet, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Sanno_Hotel, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Holder-Winfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1211_Avenue_of_the_Americas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregg_Toland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_of_the_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris-Craft_Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightning_McQueen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blodpalt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Augusta_Foley_Rhys_Davids, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddhism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengali_in_Platforms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peanuts_Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raptors_905
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nea_Smyrni_Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Caesar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Poppins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clamp_(manga_artists)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominican_Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derg, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethiopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Black_River_(Missouri_-_Arkansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joker_(comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Bruins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitis_vinifera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karakuri_Dôji_Ultimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2d_Command_and_Control_Squadron, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hohenau,_Paraguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Who_Extra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Hockey_League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gatwick_Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screen_Actors_Guild_Life_Achievement_Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Geographic_(magazine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivier_Boulay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Lavita, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_d'Arcy_James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poznań
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morphine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chordate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanford_Cardinal, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Wylie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwest_African_lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Advocate_General's_Corps,_United_States_Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palang_Dharma_Party, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inthakin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2016_Fort_Lauderdale_Strikers_season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Barbarossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto_Maple_Leafs, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Babcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audie_Murphy, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington_National_Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reigh_Count
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Broadcasting_System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raptors_905
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Beauchamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Lawrence_River, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston,_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vestigial_Peter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buccinidae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crusade_(TV_series), http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Michael_Straczynski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridgewood,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fusajiro_Yamauchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Nelson_and_Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Otero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utopian_and_dystopian_fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westchester_Avenue, http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bronx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C++, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NOAAS_Davidson_(S_331), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evraz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panki_block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Persian_Boy, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5.1_surround_sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelsey_Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Portnoy, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frasier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Schumacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saumarez_(horse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compaq, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FIS_Alpine_World_Ski_Championships_1950, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aegean_Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Caucasus_Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Étienne_Biéler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_Yunus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Helwys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Perriello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queer_as_Folk_(UK_TV_series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimera_of_Arezzo, http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Archaeological_Museum_(Florence)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalma_Kovács
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathura–Vadodara_Section, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadodara_Junction_railway_station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Fort_Stephenson, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Thames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Brownstown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysian_Chinese_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diplomacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Pike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Thorneycroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Harris_(entrepreneur)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denton_County,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Bulls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Course
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Seinfeld, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodrigues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogdanuša, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Neretva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Drummond_Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_on_Our_Watch_(organization)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hoffmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McEwen, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phạm_Văn_Đồng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspian_Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catarina_Lindgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Damascus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Berkshire_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_in_the_Morning_and_Late_at_Night, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hank_Williams_Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixar, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixar_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Standard_Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Isaacs_(writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WCW_Mayhem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_Air_Corps_(United_Kingdom), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iraq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoiberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Bulge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czechoslovakia, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_prevails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swimming_at_the_2008_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_400_metre_individual_medley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newell's_Old_Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Colorado_River, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_McGregor, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donn_Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Thai_Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Plum_Asanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Tilbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennedy_family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Board_game, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gümüş_(TV_series), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Gillard, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Creek_(Texas_Co._Missouri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jojo_Chintoh, http://dbpedia.org/resource/INKAS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frost_King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillary_Clinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Van't_Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Neretva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Americans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Roker, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_Fitzgerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cascade_Airways, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OneDrive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitis_vinifera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unitary_state
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxconn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibby_Haynes, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxophone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Kubrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediterranean_Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scuderia_Ferrari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Tucker's_Tooth, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QDT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Canoe, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Powell_(lacrosse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comedy_Channel_(United_States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Schumacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Stites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Times_They_Are_a-Changin'_(musical)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Carr,_1st_Earl_of_Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_D._Astorino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German-occupied_Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Canaveral_Air_Force_Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Céline_Buckens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metallica, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1994_Hungarian_Grand_Prix, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Schumacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RENFE_Class_333
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asiana_Airlines, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimhae_International_Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_P._Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becket_Fund_for_Religious_Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Bryant, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Purcell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Poppins_(musical)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cable-stayed_bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Daniel_Stearns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Betts_(Connecticut_politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canidae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharghar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramiro_Peña
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_T_Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Kempka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daund_Junction_railway_station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shays'_Rebellion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charat_District, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Districts_of_Peru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evenor_(collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_people
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeform
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandra_Shekhar, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datla_Satyanarayana_Raju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Netter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Scherman, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Trusty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FremantleMedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Ports_Authority, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruben_J._Villote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Menelaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Diaz, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Schilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metallica, http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hetfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Bochy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Ocean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Alan_Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirk_Hammett, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibson_Flying_V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utopian_and_dystopian_fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWTR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caio_Zanardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragons'_Den_(UK_TV_series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Transport_Authority_(Western_Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Department_of_the_Navy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Van_Tilbury, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Schiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagåtña,_Guam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengalis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Writings_and_Drawings, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Pius_XI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software_as_a_service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interplay_Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_General_Public_License
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizards_vs_Aliens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Murphy_(baseball), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Segura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AH141, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia_Junior_Hockey_League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Random_House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Schiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Studios_(division), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kriminalpolizei, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordnungspolizei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vance_Johnson, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wide_receiver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WMDN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costanzo_Preve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_B._Chaffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zambezi, http://dbpedia.org/resource/North-Western_Province,_Zambia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_Peak_(California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_House_(1929_film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas,_Isle_of_Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampa,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Robinson_(actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frasier, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Portnoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebršnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregorios_Bernardakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thud!, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Speelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Kansas_City_Assembly_Plant, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Y-block_engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Shpillband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salford_City_F.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pointe_d'Aveneyre, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Gibloux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvell_Technology_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FC_Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_(American_Civil_War)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quagmire's_Quagmire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterCard_Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nintendo, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laemmle_Theatres, http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_F._O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_River, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croton_River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_One_Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearth_and_Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Shinoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes-Benz_Superdome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatumongol_Sonakul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy_Riley, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_I_Let_You_Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oddworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josep_Maria_Bartomeu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Piper_Pizza, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixed-sex_education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rational_analysis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Gibloux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Crouch, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoke_City_F.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Temptress, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Nosler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thesaban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Sacks, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Beasley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darcs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Occupation_of_Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southend-on-Sea, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zürich–Affoltern_am_Albis–Zug_railway_line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Alps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._T._Krogh, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilla_Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._E._Webber, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Pius_X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Taylor_(colonel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanislav_Morozov, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halyna_Kukhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice's_Wonderland, http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_House_(1929_film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_T._Herres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucyrus_MT6300AC, http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Cloud_Connect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Expression_Encoder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwalk_Trainband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BAFTA_Award_for_Best_Film_Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Office, http://dbpedia.org/resource/C++
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altazor, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pablo_Picasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto_Argonauts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marika_Gombitová
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandra_Shekhar, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govinda_(actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanderbilt_Commodores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisa_Hill, http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Football_Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Sarvis, http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Senate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merritt_Paulson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quarterback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Allard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmett_Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_William_Wilcox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTSC, http://dbpedia.org/resource/5.1_surround_sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacilli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Basketball_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Senate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2004–05_FC_Barcelona_season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suburb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broad_Creek_(Susquehanna_River), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audenried_Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_air_support
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QF_6-pounder_Hotchkiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temptation_Waits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panthera_leo_fossilis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1989_Portuguese_Grand_Prix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Female
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toll_Global_Express, http://dbpedia.org/resource/LPGA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow_Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moskovsky_railway_station_(Saint_Petersburg)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12th_Field_Artillery_Regiment, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patterson_Houses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gareth_Southgate, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlesbrough_F.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogdanuša, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croatian_Inline_Hockey_League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Loyd, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Schiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janata_Dal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberta_Highway_42, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lousana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_J._Franco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Brook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chordate, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diprotodontia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letitia_MacTavish_Hargrave, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martino_Martini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6-18-67, http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amblin_Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamiatu_Muslim_Mindanao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_Deum_(Charpentier)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SFOR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_Medical_School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading,_Berkshire, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demis_Roussos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivory_Coast_national_football_team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balangir_district, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amaravila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Moffat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massimo_Liverani, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Bayou_(Oklahoma)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Magleby, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangkok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merritt_Paulson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govinda_(actor), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rishikesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS, http://dbpedia.org/resource/C++
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonid_Fedun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_Pence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis_Colts, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolina_Panthers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivanpah_Solar_Power_Facility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_National_Herald_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mass_media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_Angels_of_Anaheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtual_Console
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacilli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnolia_Place, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_Revival_architecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington, http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_(United_States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Productivity_Experience_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTV_Television_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screenwriting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newman_Haynes_Clanton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Autumn_Clouds, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaza_Strip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_R._Lillie_House, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_There_(Blackstreet_&_Mýa_song), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonight's_the_Night_(Blackstreet_song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontiac_Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennon_Legend:_The_Very_Best_of_John_Lennon_(DVD)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlant_Moscow_Oblast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trade_association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Fort_Stephenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcalá_de_Henares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guatemala, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unitary_state
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Farmer_Wants_a_Wife_(Australian_TV_series), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Swift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Marseillaise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filbert's_Old_Time_Root_Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Written_in_the_Stars_(Elton_John_and_LeAnn_Rimes_song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Union_of_Anarchists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thud!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringgold_High_School_(Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Environmentalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeybuns, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wahoo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willis_Sharpe_Kilmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellaire,_Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Orlando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontaccounting, http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Kazemy, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cervelle_de_canut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowering_plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luzhniki_Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caterpillar_797
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democratic_Party_(United_States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unix-like
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_Crew_SC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_News_(TV_channel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Chalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montauk_State_Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ike_Clanton, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Clanton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Thailand_insurgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_CW
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Krementz, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Vonnegut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Molony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yabancı_Damat, http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Arab_Emirates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Bulls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Speelman, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Grigorian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandaruan_Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tenderfoot_(miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopje, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desilu_Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_M10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsu-iluna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City_Housing_Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Surf_(film), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Warhol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Edinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cologny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sicklefin_lemon_shark, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_Institute_High_School_for_Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buccinidae, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buccinoidea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nintendo, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nintendo_Entertainment_Planning_&_Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damon_Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Model_K, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic_Tale, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Latifah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chordate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omaha,_Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTV_Television_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Saybrook,_Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musée_d'Orsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canal_&_River_Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbain_Le_Verrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megabalanus_concinnus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Ann_Crancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Falcon_Cobra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CKFM-FM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Foreign_Policy_of_Freedom, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chestnut_(coat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Sasser, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_McCurry_(press_secretary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Bock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberly_Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_poetry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_McCall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_County,_Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Companion_(Doctor_Who), http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._E._Webber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Colleges_and_Universities_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Procházka, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garry_Unger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergus_McMaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excelsior_Stakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Me_Be_Your_Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxuria_(band), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoiberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unix-like
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vangelis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey's_Mellerdrammer, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Warrior_(1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennier, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Londo_Mollari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerville_College,_Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morocco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denton_County,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christianity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Companion_(Doctor_Who), http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sarah_Jane_Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanremo_Music_Festival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Becquerel, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Curie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tortorella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Convention_Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_County,_Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_de'_Medici, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucrezia_Tornabuoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Kubrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_architecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PCL_Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vesak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Núñez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Racing_and_Hall_of_Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Gadsden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillippe_Cabot, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brower's_Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows, http://dbpedia.org/resource/C++
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale_Mitchell_(ice_hockey), http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterCard_Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Ewald_Hasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balangir_district
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivanpah_Solar_Power_Facility, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dart_(programming_language)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington_National_Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_SHO_V8_engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto_Argonauts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Azure, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Surface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Office_Picture_Manager, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Cloud_Connect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iceman_(comics), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumta, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizoram_Legislative_Assembly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serbia_national_American_football_team, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobšinská_Ice_Cave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Rutherford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Winwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Shannon, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dowra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerguelen_Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jevan_Snead, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quarterback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coconut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahiti, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirokazu_Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Seacrest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.N.I.T.Y., http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Latifah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Forks_Air_Force_Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharatiya_Janata_Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowering_plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funky_Lab_Rat, http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LoDaisKa_Site, http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_W._Brown_House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohamedia,_Tunisia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem-Alexander_of_the_Netherlands, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredis_Refunjol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadcast_syndication
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ike_Clanton, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_McLaury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_World_Airports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Southern_and_Antarctic_Lands, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karafarin_Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_State_Sun_Devils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Air_with_Ryan_Seacrest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_My_Soul_(UK_stage_version)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Runway_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Jacket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Daredevils, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_fusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sukhumbhand_Paribatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes_(band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_One, http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_HD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jared_Kushner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2013–14_Marquette_Golden_Eagles_men's_basketball_team, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Department_of_the_Navy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_U._Fletcher, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanderbilt_Commodores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Y-block_engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_High_School_for_Girls, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mika_Häkkinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixar_Image_Computer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_John_Paul_II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balanidae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Ocean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Richardson, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_McMullan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_de_Saisset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giannis_Alafouzos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screenwriter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_County,_Texas, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tandem_Computers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_Astros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Édouard_Ménétries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Willow_Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fazlur_Rahman_Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Taylor_(superintendent)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methodist_Central_Hall_Westminster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Louis_Arcand, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Korea_Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyderabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyusawhti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_Alder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_Giants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem_Institute_of_Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Legislative_Assembly_of_Uttar_Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menlo_Park,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Sports_(United_States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Paton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kafue_River, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shire_River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loretta_Ucelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlemagne, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Paschal_III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolina_Panthers, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis_Colts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghana, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akan_language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midland_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rickenbacker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Johnson, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liang_Chow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Hogan, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holmes_Colbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow_Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Romeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Speelman, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Azad_University_Central_Tehran_Branch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skeleton_Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agatha_of_Sicily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganz_UV, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balaton_wine_region
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenpeace_Nordic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novair_International_Airways, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Caprice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statelessness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Times_They_Are_a-Changin'_(musical), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moondog_Matinee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FC_Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erastus_Wiman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon_River, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arequipa_Region
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Burgon, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_International_Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahid_Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fig_Tree_Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Grand_Day_Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jann_Wenner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Kusov__11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Alps, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goolwa,_South_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Crawford_(wrestler), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trish_Stratus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavalcade_of_America, http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_United_States_Steel_Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Tom_Sawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Washington, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2002_Players_Championship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collin_County,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2011–12_FC_Spartak_Moscow_season, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svetlana_Gounkina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Knierim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault_in_Formula_One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Gardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Air_Transport_Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hynief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_St._Peter_Church, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Deco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Crimson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown_University, http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Doyle_(businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Bros.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Ann_Seton, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Paul_VI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil, http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Kansas_City_Assembly_Plant, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Floyd, http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gilmour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_National_Herald_(India), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yashpal_Kapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2015_Pro_Duta_FC_season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoman_Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utah_State_Route_162, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Harbaugh, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan_Wolverines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Melbourne_Faculty_of_VCA_and_MCM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Egerton_(publisher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Crawford_(wrestler), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booker_T_(wrestler)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garbage_(band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaun_the_Sheep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1994_Spanish_Grand_Prix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Economist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiva_bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siberia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chip_Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Frost, http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Byrne_(comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Micro_Devices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2012–13_Marquette_Golden_Eagles_men's_basketball_team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Speelman, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Schiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burro_Flats_Painted_Cave, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_B-17_Flying_Fortress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoke_City_F.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England_national_under-20_football_team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Kiick, http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_Is_Mine_(song), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UEM_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminator_2:_Judgment_Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes_(band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_Pankova, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Ulyanich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inma_González
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Web_hosting_service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Canoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Militia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lusaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Price_of_Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Bochy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1999_Japanese_Grand_Prix, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Schumacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCAA_Division_I_Football_Bowl_Subdivision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside_Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koolakamba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screenwriter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_route_E39, http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_route_E8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Bureau_of_Investigation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orthonychidae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_(band), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Schulz_(musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MSX_BASIC, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Waves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inyo_National_Forest, http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredibles_(film_score), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finding_Nemo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Rutherford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Who_Confidential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moondog_Matinee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City_FC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madiswil, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gutenburg,_Switzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_L._D._Granger, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Job_Durfee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_R._Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarqa_River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merritt_Paulson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Miller_(comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ja,_vi_elsker_dette_landet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlético_Petróleos_de_Luanda_(handball)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Kansas_City_Assembly_Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawan_Hans, http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raša_(river)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonas_Brothers, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Jonas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Deeley, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Cronenweth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Spring_(Missouri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Jonas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Basketball_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islam, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judaism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Hayes_(settler)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethiopia, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amharic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anupong_Paochinda, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udit_Raj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Üüreg_Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Conaway, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Carter_(actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellsworth_Bunker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom, http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Save_the_Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GetTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saddam_Hussein, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mushir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_St._Clair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic_Ocean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giorgos_Kaminis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phạm_Văn_Đồng, http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McEwen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_2000, http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_49ers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Times_They_Are_a-Changin'_(musical), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judaism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Department_of_the_Navy, http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Department_of_Defense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behave_Yourself!, http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Wong_Howe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_of_Fine_Arts_In_Łódź
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Ticket_Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Caprice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Agnel_Multipurpose_School_and_Junior_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamiatu_Muslim_Mindanao, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Chung-hee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Female
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivier_Boulay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharatiya_Janata_Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlesbrough_F.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_of_the_City, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanao_del_Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrique_José_Varona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_National_Bank_and_Trust_Building_(Lima,_Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toms_Creek_(Monocacy_River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skeleton_Dance, http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_House_(1929_film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Medal_of_the_Royal_Astronomical_Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpine_Brigade_Taurinense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbas_Jafri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journal_of_Cancer, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creative_Commons_license
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Pratchett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shorty_Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Marcos_River, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quartermaster_Corps_(United_States_Army)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy_Riley, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_There_(Blackstreet_&_Mýa_song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Airways, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Dulles_International_Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Luther_Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calera,_Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostov-Glavny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_County,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criteria_Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Naples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Armstrong, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammond_organ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behave_Yourself!, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Weatherwax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragout_fin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Broadcasting_Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Everybody_Knows_Your_Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronaldinho, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil_national_under-23_football_team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burbank_High_School_(Burbank,_California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crook_County,_Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Serail_of_Aleppo, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaheed_Minar,_Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Street_(film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Abramovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krapanski_Potok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlesbrough_F.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Burns, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romanticism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AN/FSQ-7_Combat_Direction_Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data_center_services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBC, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_and_Les_Charles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buddha_and_His_Dhamma, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddhism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_McLaury, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ike_Clanton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross-platform
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Ayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_1812, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Thames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pentagon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Ocean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doubleday_(publisher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto_Marlies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peanuts_Motion_Comics, http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peanuts_Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_Over_Me, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Pit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Norwalk_Historical_Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afghanistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenthurst,_New_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liliya_Lobanova, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sino-French_War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debre_Libanos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arun_Chandra_Guha, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indira_Gandhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firmicutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autoconf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_New_Job, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chaplin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Hughes_Medical_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Tom_Sawyer, http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apple_Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sino-French_War, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonkin_Campaign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colemanville_Covered_Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Dini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ananda_Weerasekara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_the_Good_Die_Young, http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranger_(album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morristown,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lung_cancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angola, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angola_Avante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence_Chapel,_Charlwood, http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North-Western_Province,_Zambia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Everest, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenzing_Norgay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azerbaijan_State_Academic_Opera_and_Ballet_Theater, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baku_Puppet_Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afrika_Baby_Bam, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q-Tip_(musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garbage_(band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ne_daj_se,_Nina, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peruvian_Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canidae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Park:_The_Stick_of_Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maine_School_of_Science_and_Mathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_language, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_hair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Goon's_Deed_in_a_Weary_World, http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Corporation_shareholders_and_subsidiaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Air_Transport_Service, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Falcon_Cobra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gatwick_Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2009–10_Middlesbrough_F.C._season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umkhonto_we_Sizwe, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Mandela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver_Broncos, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Clark_Cunningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_G._Harding, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Evans_Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2014–15_La_Liga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Allard, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juli_Ashton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agaléga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solidus_(coin), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicomedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tofaş_Şahin, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethiopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ctenochaetus_binotatus, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actinopterygii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapindales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Cavell, http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shakespeare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amit_Saigal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Bartlett_Giamatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Yilin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Calpurnius_Bibulus, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Randolph_of_Roanoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chordate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdelhameed_Amarri, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khartoum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DreamWorks_Television, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Bork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creature_Comforts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Haran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salthill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_I_Let_You_Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_of_Tilbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_of_Cambodian_Democrats, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palang_Dharma_Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Will_Be_OK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connecticut_River, http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_River_(Vermont)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediterranean_Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Fanning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linguistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daund_Junction_railway_station, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Klang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kensington,_Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_Little_(1943_film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Bend,_Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burro_Flats_Painted_Cave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Air_Force_Academy, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lieutenant_general_(United_States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Putz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Who:_Evacuation_Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyndon_Bridge, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truss_bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemijoki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.D._Primeiro_de_Agosto_(basketball)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toluca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_McGregor, http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Anthony_(artist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erica_Frank, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Toplak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha's_Vineyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Canaveral_Air_Force_Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Highway_280, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arden,_North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mausoleum_of_Augustus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain_national_football_team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_of_Huckleberry_Finn, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redding,_Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skull_Gang, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Depp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_de_Guzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latvian_Wikipedia, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiktionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Everybody_Knows_Your_Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glover_(video_game)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaime_Bateman_Cayón, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornito,_Chiriquí
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartoonito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England_national_under-20_football_team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow-Kazan_high-speed_railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bend,_Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_River, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Leow_Beng_Kim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanderbilt_Commodores, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Wiggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parsons_School_of_Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kleiner, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Einstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_St._Peter_Church, http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Style_(architecture)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Pfyl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Cronenweth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KUNSTEN_Museum_of_Modern_Art_Aalborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Department_of_the_Navy, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington_County,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Nanai-Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Sea, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thames_Estuary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statelessness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People's_Bank_(Sri_Lanka)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bowens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pregny-Chambésy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_of_the_Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bjarne_Stroustrup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Chernev, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thud!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawaharlal_Nehru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington_County,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sequoia_National_Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duwamish_River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_del_Merendón
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronics_manufacturing_services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jared_Bernstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Populous_(company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ankh-Morpork_City_Watch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cancún
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seguin,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Environmentalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skull_Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Elfman, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_Astros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Van_Tilbury, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Azad_University_Central_Tehran_Branch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solidus_(coin), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aureus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxy_Brown_(rapper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VMF-218, http://dbpedia.org/resource/VMF-155
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thud!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_Whitecaps_FC, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Nash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_Barnard, http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauritius, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motherland_(anthem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homestead_Grays_Bridge, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Clemente_Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defenceman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_marshal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_Ahead_(Bill_Gates_book), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Leibovitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizard_rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmitsburg,_Maryland, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrine_of_St._Elizabeth_Ann_Bayley_Seton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Michael_Straczynski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aardman_Animations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Emmons_(American_football)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard-Westlake_School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Southeast_Asian_Institutions_of_Higher_Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagos_Preparatory_School, http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Garne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feng_Zicai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Universe_in_a_Single_Atom, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddhism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Medal_of_Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochers_de_Naye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wealth_management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German-occupied_Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saima_Chowdhury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letitia_MacTavish_Hargrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buccinidae, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buccinoidea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pattie_Mallette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Twain_Tonight, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Twain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2015_North_American_Soccer_League_season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Lucia_national_cricket_team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganz_UV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rolling_Stone_Album_Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscoda,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alton_Ochsner, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Conaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kendall_Jenner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_Clippers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indochina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CN_Atlètic-Barceloneta, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrissey, http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smiths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Army_Command_and_General_Staff_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Dogs_of_South_Central, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Latifah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Pekin_duck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Juan, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Azad_University_Central_Tehran_Branch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Seacrest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Way_(Israel), http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Israel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_HD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_Peak_(California), http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Muir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_of_Christmas_(short_film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_M._Sherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kariba_Dam, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batoka_Gorge_Hydroelectric_Power_Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Sainte-Marie, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauritius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Felice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Enrique_(footballer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem-Alexander_of_the_Netherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swahili_language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immunology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heydar, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlesbrough_F.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Schiller, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Van_Tilbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kriminalpolizei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glendale,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argentine_Primera_División
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gredelj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_Returns, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Lebenzon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bare_Necessities, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock-a-Doodle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Be_(musical), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringo_Starr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celluloid_Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Carter_(actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Bork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_Medical_School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_House_of_Representatives_elections_in_Ohio,_2010, http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Boehner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bounce_TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Pius_X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hominidae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aureus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damon_Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Designers_for_Industry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Slaughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_general_election,_2004_(Delhi), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_general_election,_2004_(Andhra_Pradesh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtual_Console
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimhae_International_Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerville_College,_Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Dollase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_John_Paul_II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver_Broncos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southend-on-Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuroimaging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysian_Chinese_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_R._Berlin, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_M._Sears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Damascus, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglican_Communion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cash, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Seacrest, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Broadcasting_Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelor_of_Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundridge_(horse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subaru_Legacy_(second_generation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jens_Jensen_(landscape_architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganz_UV, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Géza_Horváth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marv_McFadden, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh_Steelers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palang_Dharma_Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alton_Ochsner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_general_election,_2004_(Andhra_Pradesh), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_general_election,_2009
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swimming_at_the_2004_Summer_Olympics_–_Men's_100_metre_freestyle, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Thorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ionian_Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noko, http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Maker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commodore_64
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Messi, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argentina_national_football_team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owyhee_River, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_the_Unknown, http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Needs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_World_College_of_Costa_Rica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Bryant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Tilbury, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_International_Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convent_of_the_Barefoot_Trinitarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Clinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dafydd_Benfras, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasmine_Lowson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winchester_Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Marauder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonkin_Campaign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizard_rock, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Potter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capitol_400
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Y-block_engine, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_SHO_V8_engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Blowin'_(Smooth_song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Hockey_League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_(United_States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_and_Kapodistrian_University_of_Athens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Hastings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallopus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Students_League_of_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Seinfeld, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_49ers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Pizarro, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_V,_Holy_Roman_Emperor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Gleeson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Ifukube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_F._Cafero, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Keeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Current_River_(Missouri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Go_Federation, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Namath, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Falls_High_School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Cross, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Pearson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puss_in_Boots_(1922_film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butch_Metzger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Henry_(Oz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxconn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Beasley, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Molony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/François_Hollande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Episcopal_Church_(United_States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Lonely_Night_in_New_York, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Gibb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oddworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANYway, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quack_(album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Minister's_House_(Colombo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blodpalt, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaszanka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiva_bus, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breeders'_Cup_Turf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2009_FIFA_Club_World_Cup_squads, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Messi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Harris_(entrepreneur), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_County,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto_Furies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WBIG-FM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warwick_railway_station,_Perth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Day_at_a_Time_(Em's_Version)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhoondte_Reh_Jaaoge!_(1998_film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto_Phantoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essex, http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commodore_64
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vandenberg_Air_Force_Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Hidalgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Wiggs, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duane_Allman, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibson_SG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Asia_Subregional_Economic_Cooperation, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maldives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satish_Kumar_Sharma, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manthena_Venkata_Raju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Voight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dart_(programming_language), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_(programming_language)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screenwriter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckhurst_Hill_County_High_School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzysztof_Wielicki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanislav_Morozov, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingo_Steuer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V8_engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LoDaisKa_Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software_as_a_service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Deeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Roeslein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Speelman, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Taguig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taekwondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VMF-155, http://dbpedia.org/resource/VMF-218
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amstelveen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_International_Airport, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inland_Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yosemite_National_Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice's_Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mika_Häkkinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Lavita, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kia_Sportage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baikal_Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russia_women's_national_volleyball_team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banlung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauritius, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parliamentary_republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Crimson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defenceman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Coming_(TV_serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_from_the_North_Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_(ship)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Burke_(businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Powell_(lacrosse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Army_Command_and_General_Staff_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_Alder, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pregny-Chambésy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iskra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vishwajyot_High_School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_XII_Auletes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_North_Assembly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baraily, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandra_Shekhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Ann_Seton, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_John_XXIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Horner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Aircraft_Group_13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_B._Chaffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neverwhere_(radio_play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/José_Luis_Narom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloucestershire, http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudia_Moro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri,_Duke_of_Rohan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alton_Ochsner, http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Michael_Seabright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_River, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laptev_Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boonchu_Rojanastien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flatbread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_(The_Outer_Limits)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zachary_Taylor, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_general_(United_States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butch_Metzger, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Horwitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VMF-155
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callisto_(moon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaun_Thong, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakitnica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Roberts_(trade_unionist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_Airlines, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gymnastics_at_the_2008_Summer_Olympics_–_Women's_artistic_individual_all-around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Magazine, http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh_Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Marino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raša_(river), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriatic_Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton_Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kala_Pani_(1958_film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Morton, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddhism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Poapst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_There_(Blackstreet_&_Mýa_song), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blayse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_HD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacillales, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firmicutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Television, http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_World_Airports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Wilson_(writer_and_producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lois_Lane, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Siegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brynn_Carman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butch_Metzger, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Otero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defense_Security_Command
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_P._Clark, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Lavita, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulsan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waylon_Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soccer_Bowl_'76
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Cronenweth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_International_Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Tichonov, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloucestershire, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southend-on-Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Go_Federation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momoko_Kōchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_T_Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Collinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Deeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Harlem_Incident
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Stevens_(film_editor), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Schumacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watkins_Glen,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Alexander_(press_secretary), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jared_Bernstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Hidalgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RKO_Pictures, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregg_Toland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serbia_national_American_football_team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_State_Route_470, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cohoes,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dannielynn_Birkhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smiths, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrissey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clatsop_County,_Oregon, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Herrmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Truly,_Truly_Fair, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitch_Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallington_railway_station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_(United_States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronaldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novair_International_Airways, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaghetti_squash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Paul_VI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redding,_Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dschinghis_Khan_(song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Attell, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adiós_Amigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._S._Thakur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-François_Coté
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olemic_Thommessen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Rice, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oktoc,_Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korean_fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shallot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North–South_Transport_Corridor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_Heinrich, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanderbilt_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Dell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac_Fleetwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheasty_Boulevard_South, http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_County,_Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Warhol, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journal_of_Cerebral_Blood_Flow_&_Metabolism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Keller, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_McMillin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diplomacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Bring_Me_Down, http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dee_Dee_Warwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Michigan_USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England_national_under-20_football_team, http://dbpedia.org/resource/England_national_under-21_football_team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Henry_(Oz), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunt_Em
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metaphysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Tilbury, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_School,_Brentwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Knox, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_general_(United_States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ray_(Australian_politician), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleopatra_V_of_Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Academy, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burbank,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Benedict_XVI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menetries's_warbler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Bill_Williams, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterbury-Bankstown_Bulldogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DisneyToon_Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greasy_Pop_Records, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Festival_Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congress_Socialist_Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kensington,_Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Dies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egushawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Dragoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sarah_Jane_Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2015_Alabama_Crimson_Tide_football_team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Picard, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerguelen_Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Floyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Newcastle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loretta_Ucelli, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Leonard_(writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Nevada_(U.S.), http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mavro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Thai_Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Grigorian, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Van_Tilbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barony_of_Caux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Canaveral_Air_Force_Station_Launch_Complex_26
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feminism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2015_Fort_Lauderdale_Strikers_season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_and_Kapodistrian_University_of_Athens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Purcell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_River, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golan_Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogdanuša
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Conner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Harvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camel, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chordate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Canaveral_Air_Force_Station_Space_Launch_Complex_17
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allgemeine_SS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_T_Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Neretva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Shuster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xynisteri, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mavro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_T._Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Garcia, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merritt_Cabal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GIMP, http://dbpedia.org/resource/C_(programming_language)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drum_kit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Basketball_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newell's_Old_Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_United_States_Steel_Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shirelles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Hart_Angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_McIntyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_people
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Cooke_(socialist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Navy, http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Department_of_Defense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katy_B
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_and_Oxford_Junction_Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homestead_Grays_Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhaetian_Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niederkirchnerstraße
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaghetti_squash, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bannock_(food)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Thames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Cristofer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1995_South_Pacific_Games, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Risk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcalá_de_Henares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dionne_Warwick, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Garland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheasty_Boulevard_South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_D._Astorino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_A_Day_in_the_Life, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_T_Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazhar_Ul_Haq_High_School,_Beerwah, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England_national_football_team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helsinki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agaricus_bisporus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladonia_(micronation), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Probus_(journal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hockey_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasy_television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facebook, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Economist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parliament_of_India, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajya_Sabha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_the_Unknown, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Gibbs_(cinematographer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinya_Aoki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creatures_(company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Realization_Stakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Pistons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Jones_(American_football)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Schilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erica_Frank, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglass_North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Failon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_Governorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARM_architecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Siegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Clegg, http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Cameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saneh_Lungkeaw, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thailand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playtone, http://dbpedia.org/resource/DreamWorks_Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criteria_Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attorneys_in_Sri_Lanka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Kids_(franchise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katy_B
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangan_Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Blanchard, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hall_(economist), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erica_Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sarah_Jane_Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GIMP, http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTK+
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buccinoidea, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buccinidae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connecticut_Colony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebršnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xocolatlite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolores_del_Río
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lekh_Castle, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samur–Absheron_channel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Nevada_(U.S.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Grit_(novel), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_(genre)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baco_noir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyche_Fowler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Braunfels,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janata_Dal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2011–12_FC_Spartak_Moscow_season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Potential, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluebird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semnani_languages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elton_John_and_Tim_Rice's_Aida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bryan_Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advocate_Nasiruddin, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_San_Juan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuroimaging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Parolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_National_Bank_and_Trust_Building_(Lima,_Ohio), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_university
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Marve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregg_Toland, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Herrmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laemmle_Theatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalutara_Electoral_District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Bros.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Fighting_Illini_men's_basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_215, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Series_30+
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sampson_Cudjoe, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2014–15_Premier_League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apple_Tree, http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Literary_Nightmare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville,_Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juelz_Santana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Đuống_River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1999–2000_Watford_F.C._season, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elton_John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladonia_(micronation), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_of_Atlantium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plena, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caribbean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haiti_I_Am_Sorry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_and_the_Potters_(album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_House_(1929_film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarathchandra_Rajakaruna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Peter_Dewey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Indian_Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conowingo_Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Macklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oysterhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khok_Kwang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fender_Stratocaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karu_Jayasuriya, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranil_Wickremesinghe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waxiang_people
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blizzard_Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menetries's_warbler, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeyhun_Abiyev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitis_vinifera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_(band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Henry_(Oz), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale_Mitchell_(ice_hockey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skeleton_Dance, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Sanchez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1972_Oakland_Raiders_season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unix-like
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kampuchean_United_Front_for_National_Salvation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampa,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novair_International_Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediterranean_Basketball_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frasier, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Everybody_Knows_Your_Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Bell_(gridiron_football)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Gadsden, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Barrancas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Candy_Fitness, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Lumia_830, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windows_Phone_8.1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polet_Airlines, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Claus, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Peacock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C_(programming_language)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HBO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million_Dollar_Traders, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Lincoln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Jouban, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Bravo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_and_the_Potters_(album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis_Colts, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolina_Panthers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essex, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloucestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callisto_(moon), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galileo_Galilei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamiatu_Muslim_Mindanao, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Taguig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicomedia, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aureus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candice_Michelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StandBy_Records, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessi_Colter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsley_Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USS_Marmora_(IX-189), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beth_Tweddle, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Reddin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Middleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Tom_Sawyer, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Twain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolley_Madison, http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Eustis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Chadwick, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Drummond_Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabian_Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Anderson_(safety), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Porter_(American_football)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_Avalanche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2658_Gingerich, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_De_Niro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Think_(journal), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Morris_Colonials_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa_'70_(band), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Allen_(musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanggar_Agung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_We_Were_a_Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GeneWeb, http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_General_Public_License
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Bühler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Stilwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doubleday_(publisher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_River, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olyokma_River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UCLA_Bruins_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Park_Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonial_troops, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_R._Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_Group_Oberrhein_(Germany), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Himmler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martino_Martini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Daniels, http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Office_(U.S._TV_series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfield,_Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sukhumbhand_Paribatra, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rama_I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Brugnaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allama_Matthews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Mayr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Blackhawks, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Quenneville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bass_guitar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Quadra_660AV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_of_Huckleberry_Finn, http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Tom_Sawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_General_Public_License
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playtone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lü_Buwei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandusky_County,_Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westwood,_Los_Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dundas_Castle_(Roscoe,_New_York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Paisley_discography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheldon_Harnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerebral_blood_flow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Kane_(actor), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Rankin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelor_of_Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Servilius_Vatia_Isauricus_(consul_48_BC), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Cornelius_Lentulus_Crus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_TV_(UK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Rose_for_Emily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Southeast_Asian_Institutions_of_Higher_Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotuspool_Records, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Populous_(company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_de_Guzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAGE_Publications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadow_Soprano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Plains_Road, http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bronx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Navy, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington_County,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Walker, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimihiro_Watanuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skai_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquarius_(rocket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playboy_Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Is_Out,_School_Is_In, http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Step_(James_Brown_album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cell_(microprocessor), http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlayStation_2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blade_Runner, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Cronenweth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Office_(U.S._TV_series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Tomorrow_(film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Bertello, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Parolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Thomson_Mason_(Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwai_Chang_Caine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridgewood,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jann_Wenner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadodara_Junction_railway_station, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ministry_of_Railways_(India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Toplak, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bret_Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batoka_Gorge_Hydroelectric_Power_Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neptune, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottfried_Galle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T.I._Ahmadiyya_Girls_Senior_High_School,_Asokore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Army, http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Department_of_Defense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain_national_football_team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miley_Cyrus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Verossa, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Front-engine_design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumho_Asiana_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Armstrong, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemini_8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxconn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentina_Matviyenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Lundy, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Gillard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_St._Clair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primate, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Broadway_(Smash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evergreen_High_School_(King_County,_Washington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solidus_(coin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitis_vinifera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defenceman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacillales, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firmicutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Tilbury, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckhurst_Hill_County_High_School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross-platform
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontiac_G8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_conflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibson_Les_Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Southern_Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_San_Antonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butters'_Very_Own_Episode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsie_Paroubek, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Wurzberger, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Clara_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrícia_Amorim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Lavita, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Elantra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Powell_(lacrosse), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Powell_(lacrosse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Standard_Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_III, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Shuttle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro-North_Railroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsley_Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laozi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TranStar_Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Hurts, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Cut_Draw_Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chordate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frasier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Jitney_Elopement, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chaplin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guitar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walson_Augustin, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midfielder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_of_Cambodian_Democrats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnside_Distribution_Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Music_Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Psycho, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Arisman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucifer's_Hammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Information:_A_History,_a_Theory,_a_Flood, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Newton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Watt, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Thames, http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_1812
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bjelimićka_Rijeka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Sandys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Brentano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_David_Thoreau, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tandem_Computers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Felice, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Céline_Buckens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammy_Hagar_&_Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VP-8, http://dbpedia.org/resource/VP-10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_David_Thoreau, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandra_Shekhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington_National_Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fa'a'ā_International_Airport, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_David, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Seinfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Office_Picture_Manager, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Productivity_Experience_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caterpillar_797F, http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Deeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlawz, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupac_Shakur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_River, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_River_(Middle_East)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beth_Tweddle, http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Liverpool_Gymnastics_Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Ifukube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Everest, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzysztof_Wielicki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_university
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pointe_d'Aveneyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monticello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_Dennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Caucasian_Emirate, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanford_White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burr_Truss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Mead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_River_(Duwamish_River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xynisteri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_to_5_(musical)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Spencer_(Scottish_footballer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catarina_Lindgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertalan_Szemere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singhasan_Battisi_(TV_series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6th_Infantry_Regiment_(United_States), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zachary_Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software_as_a_service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Cornelius_Lentulus_Crus, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Calpurnius_Bibulus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Extraliga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shirelles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornell_University_Press, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_García_Menocal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skull_Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_W._Brown_House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Nutting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hospers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIGGRAPH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasnye_Vorota_(Moscow_Metro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baco_noir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RCA_Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orson_Welles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_Rage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Sanno_Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Language_Integrated_Query
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thom_Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Sixth_Seal, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Weeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Alexander_(press_secretary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh!_Darling, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Gibb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goose_Lake_Valley, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lava_River_Cave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland_at_the_2004_Summer_Olympics, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Federer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guitar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFRX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platte_River, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Lavita, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Palace_of_Auburn_Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_(TV_network)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bryan_Martin, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Endowment_for_the_Arts, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_government_of_the_United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Gillard, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Rudd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramon_Magsaysay_Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Barbarossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O.co_Coliseum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interplay_Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sune_Agerschou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Chevapravatdumrong, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisi_Pollard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Canaveral_Air_Force_Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StandBy_Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornell_University_Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Boyle, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Detroit,_MI, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Pulleyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beckler_River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sloth, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chordate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixed-sex_education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinya_Aoki, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Bravo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babylon_5:_The_Lost_Tales, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Time_Entertainment_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe_station_(CTA_Blue_Line), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christianity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KOMC_(AM), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gospel_music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weathered_Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Azure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AH141
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starwood_Hotels_and_Resorts_Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Writing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_Giants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Michael_Straczynski, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Netter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1999_San_Marino_Grand_Prix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y._S._Rajasekhara_Reddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Your_Body
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non-governmental_organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lung_cancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Neretva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journal_of_Cerebral_Blood_Flow_&_Metabolism, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Racing_and_Hall_of_Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Gervais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playtone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandaruan_Bridge, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia_Junior_Hockey_League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KFFG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiktionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_School,_Brentwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Diamond_(album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Mediterranean_Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_California,_Santa_Cruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellator_MMA:_Season_Eleven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker's_Dozen_Donuts, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_and_blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canton_of_Fribourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_State_Nittany_Lions_football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Corporation_shareholders_and_subsidiaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Portnoy, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Everybody_Knows_Your_Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_Astros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claiborne_Pell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Time_Entertainment_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysterious_Stranger, http://dbpedia.org/resource/N._C._Wyeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminator_2:_Judgment_Day, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Friedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maike_Evers, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Lachowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_lieutenant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Dufresne_(1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Harvey, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Kubrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walson_Augustin, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skeleton_Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jump_Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonial_troops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waylon_Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrongfully_Accused
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_Lakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_M._Chilcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Gervais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Nevada_(U.S.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suburb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irène_Joliot-Curie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titus_Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frasier, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Cowboys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filipinos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirque_du_Soleil_discography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coconut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balanidae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tandem_Computers, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Harris_(entrepreneur)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Mate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Anthony_(artist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neungin_High_School, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddhism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Michael_Straczynski, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Carter_(actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bankers_Life_Fieldhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Paulo_Museum_of_Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raoul_Magrin-Vernerey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulau_Ubin, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inyo_National_Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_John_Paul_II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorington_railway_station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Gingell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_LeMaire, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manurewa_High_School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregg_Toland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/39th_Infantry_Regiment_(War_of_1812)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darcs, http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidio_Santa_Cruz_de_Terrenate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Nederlander, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Sánchez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaszanka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFRX, http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_Poker_Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamini_Seneviratne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacillales, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacteria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westroads_Mall_shooting, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marja'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malatraix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christchurch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England_national_football_team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judaism, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Station_Mobile, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Support_Activity_Naples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacillales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2006–07_Middlesbrough_F.C._season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_W._Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_E._Ambrose, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Bork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firmicutes, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacteria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Suci, http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_Patriots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Cross, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_T_Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Nevada_(U.S.), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inyo_National_Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progressive_rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMC_Gremlin, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmela_Soprano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_(network)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Grey, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Canaveral_Air_Force_Station_Launch_Complex_5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Bertello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C++, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Madison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Hart_Angelo, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_and_Les_Charles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Sandrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanskrit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KTXY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis_at_the_2012_Summer_Olympics_–_Women's_singles, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Sharapova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subaru_Outback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zambia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_House_of_Representatives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Support_Activity_Naples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muslim_Brotherhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg_–_Moscow_Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Music_Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hylebos_Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_River, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearwater_County,_Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tendring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grameen_Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Grape_Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil-Ellena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Cornelius_Lentulus_Crus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterCard_Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Brook, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosie_Huntington-Whiteley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Marino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Wales, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latvian_Wikipedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimōsa_Plateau, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siberia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hall_(economist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_49ers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pahang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_and_Roll_Hall_of_Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Marx, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guitar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Gogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McEwen, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Chung-hee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troodos_Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Goodell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daund_Junction_railway_station, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ujjain_Junction_railway_station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bjelašnica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Island, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christchurch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot_Wars:_Metal_Mayhem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purnima_Banerjee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uniontown,_Pennsylvania, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keller's_Mill_Covered_Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Basketball_League_(1996–98)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Dean_Zoghby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Brière_de_l'Isle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fanning_(businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2015_Fort_Lauderdale_Strikers_season, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Lauderdale_Strikers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germanic_languages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Bros._Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Lagoon_Island, http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bahamas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rheinmetall_MG_60
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orator, http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Archaeological_Museum_(Florence)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Another_Day..., http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Latifah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moordener_Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_Arabic, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Semitic_languages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Web_Toolkit, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Custom_Search
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_(comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Wilson_(American_football)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North–South_Transport_Corridor, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai_Vadodara_Expressway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_Art_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthrax, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Ewald_Hasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Nevada_(U.S.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instagram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feminism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voices_(group), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamera_Mowry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_International_Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democratic_Party_(United_States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toll_Global_Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canton_of_Fribourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Thai_Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Is_Out,_School_Is_In, http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wichita_Recordings, http://dbpedia.org/resource/PIAS_Recordings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_Oil_Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Ocean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Chernev, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Grigorian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Fomin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holler_If_Ya_Hear_Me_(musical), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupac_Shakur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuo_Zongtang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salsette_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow-Kazan_high-speed_railway, http://dbpedia.org/resource/2011–12_FC_Spartak_Moscow_season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2013–14_Panionios_G.S.S._season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Deane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garry_Unger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Thomson_Mason_(1787–1850), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martino_Martini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/President_of_France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Lisa, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louvre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Cowboys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Stevens_(film_editor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Gingell, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sovereign_Military_Order_of_Malta, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Uniamési
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Barrel_of_Laughs,_a_Vale_of_Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlan_Mathews, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Merrill_Atkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chanté_mas, http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimōsa_Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labor_relations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diprotodontia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Douglass_White, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Phelps_Taft_II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convent_of_the_Barefoot_Trinitarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vandenberg_Air_Force_Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia_at_the_2008_Summer_Olympics, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Rice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Harlem_Incident, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_from_the_North_Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venkatraman_Ramakrishnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Everybody_Knows_Your_Name, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Arceneaux,_Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandaruan_River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gough_Whitlam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rev_(drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Bagge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_L._Dayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siege_of_Fort_Meigs, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Fort_Stephenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republican_River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_School,_Brentwood, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckhurst_Hill_County_High_School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Broadcasting_Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C++
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rickenbacker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Howard,_1st_Earl_of_Northampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diprotodontia, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chordate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Suns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Languages_of_Ethiopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screenwriter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_City_Region
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_Art_Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juno_I, http://dbpedia.org/resource/2016_Fort_Lauderdale_Strikers_season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading,_Berkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USS_Tillamook_(AT-16), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiva_bus, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Falcon_Cobra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosie_Huntington-Whiteley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creative_Commons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluidinfo, http://dbpedia.org/resource/PostgreSQL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester_College,_Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragout_fin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Heisenberg, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Șerban_Țițeica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARM_architecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooper_Mountain_Vineyards, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Bachelor_ski_area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider-Man:_Edge_of_Time, http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlayStation_2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_pygmy_blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Artillery_Regiment, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Knox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Friedman, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminator_Genisys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Politician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_Kane, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregg_Toland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Beutler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janice_Soprano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hoffmann, http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Muir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Timm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMC_Gremlin, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freescale_Semiconductor, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvell_Technology_Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_of_the_Rainbow, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Garland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perkins_School_for_the_Blind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concrete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminator_(franchise), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminator_2:_Judgment_Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juno_I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Web_Toolkit, http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlayN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Moffat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cohoes,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_University, http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Campbell_(business_executive)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_International_Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashot_Grashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Buyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1994_Spanish_Grand_Prix, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Schumacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaheed_Minar,_Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Salvador_Island, http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bahamas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Air_Force_Academy, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_D._Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Suspense, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Basketball_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanford_Cardinal, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Reaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_HD, http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sarah_Jane_Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autodromo_Enzo_e_Dino_Ferrari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novelas_ejemplares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northeast_Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leuven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Agnel_Multipurpose_School_and_Junior_College, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamiatu_Muslim_Mindanao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlesbrough_F.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2009–10_Marquette_Golden_Eagles_men's_basketball_team, http://dbpedia.org/resource/2013–14_Marquette_Golden_Eagles_men's_basketball_team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMMS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow-Kazan_high-speed_railway, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilya_Savelev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taekwondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Bahama, http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bahamas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobalt_Label_Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Lippisch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibson_Les_Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schutzstaffel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hang_Chuon_Naron, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krom_Ngoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_E._Ambrose, http://dbpedia.org/resource/DreamWorks_Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FedExField
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherokee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He's_a_Liar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Multimedia, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Who:_The_Mazes_of_Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doonesbury_(musical)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Phelps_Taft_II, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_A._Taft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giorgos_Kaminis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Jenness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Savoy, http://dbpedia.org/resource/North–South_Transport_Corridor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem-Alexander_of_the_Netherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea_F.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Israel_(united_monarchy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysian_Public_Works_Department
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Lyme,_Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ike_Clanton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_general_election,_2004_(Andhra_Pradesh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palang_Dharma_Party, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miao_people
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Advocate_General's_Corps,_United_States_Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_hair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solon_Spencer_Beman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Newcastle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bleeding_Heart_Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indira_Gandhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_and_Lies_(U.S._TV_series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michaelhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yosemite_National_Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Powell, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_African_Class_11E, http://dbpedia.org/resource/RENFE_Class_333
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Bagge, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Șerban_Țițeica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ape, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goethe_Prize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_Yunus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italic_languages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Shalala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Southern_and_Antarctic_Lands, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerguelen_Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Vonnegut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RCA_Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Diaz, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazilian_jiu-jitsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choctaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_J._Franco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varsity_Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Kovacs, http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Rangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavel_Moroz, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakov_Estrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASC_Creative_Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Johansson, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nader_Guirat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abhijit_Kunte, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtual_Kasparov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenup_County_High_School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progressive_rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Falcon_Cobra, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagenham_wind_turbines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottfried_Galle, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbain_Le_Verrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_Burkett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faaa, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1997_Canadian_Grand_Prix, http://dbpedia.org/resource/1994_Spanish_Grand_Prix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Winn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterCard_Centre, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Carrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FremantleMedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newin_Chidchob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Witherspoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oj,_svijetla_majska_zoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemarie_DeWitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giorgos_Kaminis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mating_Habits_of_the_Earthbound_Human, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mams_Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darius_I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Heath_radar_station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Station_(Washington,_D.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain..._on_the_Road_Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Hart_Angelo, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thongsuk_Samdaengpan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATTS_College_of_Aeronautics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Extraliga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Brown_(Australian_politician), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Peacock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Dalek, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizards_vs_Aliens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Pinckney_(governor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Cronenweth, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vangelis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goran_Čengić
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Populous_(company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chumash_people
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavel_Moroz, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_of_Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Seacrest, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Broadcasting_Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_Who_Wasn't_There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herzogenaurach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blizzard_Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Downer, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Brown_(Australian_politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amitava_Datta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canary_Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Flanders, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claiborne_Pell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ōtani_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh_Pirates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Hogan, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holmes_Colbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_Loves_Cole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Time_Entertainment_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auto_Shankar_(film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter-John_Vettese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Molony, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coneygree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RKO_Pictures, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Herrmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasmin_Paige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sings_Kristofferson, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milk_Cow_Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_E._Ambrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Both_Worlds_(song), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Peterman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master's_Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gelnhausen, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepperdine_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Graden, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadcast_syndication
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_H._Immerman, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_W._Olin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Occupation_of_Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counterpoint_(horse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PC-9800_Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Mimi_(video)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridley_Scott, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vangelis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2011–12_Russian_Premier_League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awash_River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemini_8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strontium_90_(band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Secunda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panathinaikos_F.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elżbieta_Czartoryska_(1905–1989), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Journet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olin_Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Oliverio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Viator_High_School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Nou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WXXV-DT2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fanning_(businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri,_Duke_of_Rohan, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Frutschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalilah_Sappenfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statelessness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS_9, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiny_Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VDE-Gallo_Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MSX_BASIC, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_K._Ipsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pōmare_I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_List_(golfer), http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._Terry_Dornbush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Minister's_House_(Colombo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Stuyvesant_Chanler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_C._Riley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_M40
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Blues_Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congo_River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_fiction, http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_HD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brockport_Golden_Eagles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TNT_(TV_channel), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Conaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_(TV_network)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England_national_under-21_football_team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Pratchett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_B._Belford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C++, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software_as_a_service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waxiang_people
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto_Marlies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Smith_(Connecticut), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_N._Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Winn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Brown_(Australian_politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agaléga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LG_Optimus_Vu, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manu_Cornet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suicide_by_hanging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marika_Gombitová
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkish_Handball_Super_League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadcast_syndication, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trial_(song), http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_These_Days_(instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Adams_(American_football)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdman_Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariveles,_Bataan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Words_of_Gold, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facebook_Messenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manthena_Venkata_Raju, http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._Shiva_Rao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nguendula_Filipe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iqbal_Singh_(politician), http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._Shiva_Rao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Capital_Region_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Same_Song_(Digital_Underground_song), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiffany_Villarreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Van't_Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobham_Training_Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bryan_Martin, http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Carmichael_(diplomat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fountain_Lake_Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Bryant, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stiglitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeevan_Mrityu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Still, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Maniatis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivier_Boulay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Revolutionary_War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergie_Sutherland, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coneygree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Isham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamon_Ohta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Dunkleman, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_O._Moseley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_McDaniel_(racehorse_trainer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauritius_Broadcasting_Corporation, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Medor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepy-Time_Squirrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comedy_Channel_(United_States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Mirabilis_(novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampton_Roads_Rhinos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Tichonov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Coke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Kubiak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clamp_(manga_artists)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumta, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_general_election,_2004_(Andhra_Pradesh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorpsycho_Nitemare, http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Times_They_Are_a-Changin'_(musical)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artisan_Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurgens_Site, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmie_Heuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zambezi_River_Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virendra_Kataria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Romo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musée_d'Orsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Clinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skeleton_Dance, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey's_Mellerdrammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Dunkleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burbank,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Station_Bremerton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Tsujihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_World_College_of_Costa_Rica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Herrmann, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orson_Welles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emel_(magazine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letter_to_a_Christian_Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brockport_Golden_Eagles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_Quest_VI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_National_Herald_(India), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Benedict_XVI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_West_Indies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolley_Madison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen_in_Manhattan, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_(novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Marc_Germain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newin_Chidchob, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajahn_Sao_Kantasīlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Díaz_Figueroa, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruce_a_Nado_Internacional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamiatu_Muslim_Mindanao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Barton_(film_editor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McDonnell_Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boga_(soft_drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cahora_Bassa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Realization_Stakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Ewald_Hasse, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Meissner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangkok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manendragarh, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rishang_Keishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karakuri_Dôji_Ultimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_City_of_Venice, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Brugnaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Plosser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trumpet_Kings_Meet_Joe_Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Harrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/County_Westmeath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_AN/FSG-1_Antiaircraft_Defense_System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hank_Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jump_Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_A._Danaher_III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacKenzie_Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Many_Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laozi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATTS_College_of_Aeronautics, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamiatu_Muslim_Mindanao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geneva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ian_Salter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Ludwik_Czartoryski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splash_(film), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rita_Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Bros., http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridley_Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Autumn_Clouds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Goose_(vodka), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eristoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Bazaars_of_Hyderabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2015_MLS_All-Star_Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quezon_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Spock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janaka_Thissakuttiarachchi, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atiśa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Curran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan_Renaissance_Festival, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comcast_SportsNet_Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downriver, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrus_Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Word_or_2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Hefner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triplicate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_de_Cervantes, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_de_Robles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Agnel_Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Hidalgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergie_Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stagecoach,_Colorado, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peetz_Table_Wind_Energy_Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breann_McGregor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1992_Canadian_Grand_Prix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentinel_High_School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_Department_of_Transportation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theme_Time_Radio_Hour, http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Times_They_Are_a-Changin'_(musical)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Magleby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modoc_Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Takla_Haymanot's_Church_(Alexandria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._H._Kapadia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Anthony_(artist), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_W._Pillsbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Netter, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Copeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TNT_(TV_channel), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Time_Entertainment_Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montecito_Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soares_da_Costa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chickasaw_Campaign_of_1736
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titus_Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Athletic_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_Cave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_S._Zeppos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Peacock, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Downer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Nutting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feminism_in_Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_World_College_of_Costa_Rica, http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_World_Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Bros., http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Deeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Hockey_League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_resources_management_in_El_Salvador, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_del_Merendón
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_of_Mauritius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Scott_(director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Carter_(actor), http://dbpedia.org/resource/TNT_(TV_channel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_L._Woodruff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1993_European_Grand_Prix, http://dbpedia.org/resource/1985_Portuguese_Grand_Prix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aishath_Saffa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stony_Brook_University_Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_T_Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HBO, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playtone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leallah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denzil_Minnan-Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_B._Waldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbie_Diack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxophone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atamurat-Kerkichi_Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beşiktaş_JK_(wheelchair_basketball)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lê_Hồng_Phong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_G._Schmitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moondog_Matinee, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theme_Time_Radio_Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bahamas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saleen_S5S_Raptor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Latham, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Mathieson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FremantleMedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manu_Cornet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defenceman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Bestor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_W._Hyatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradenton,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Deegan_(rider), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai_World_Cup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Okoye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benelux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATTS_College_of_Aeronautics, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnic_University_of_the_Philippines_Taguig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Mark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_and_Wellesley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaissance_Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauritius_Broadcasting_Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stiglitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminal_Station_(Chattanooga)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_M40
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2006_Oakland_Raiders_season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Patterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Mario_Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Catlin_Partridge, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Brummel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eclipse_(song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2015_MLS_All-Star_Game, http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Okee_Dokee_Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_E._Ambrose, http://dbpedia.org/resource/HBO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Skinstad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroyuki_Takei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomb_of_Joshua, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RENFE_Class_333, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaissance_Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maple_Leaf_Sports_&_Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Tambourine_Man_(album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Hogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hebron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_resources_management_in_El_Salvador, http://dbpedia.org/resource/José_María_Orellana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Deeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Credit_Company, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagenham_wind_turbines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Park:_The_Stick_of_Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Michael_Straczynski, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Bros._Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaheim,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Ice_Cream's_Dirty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Go_Federation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregg_Toland, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orson_Welles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1999_San_Marino_Grand_Prix, http://dbpedia.org/resource/1997_Canadian_Grand_Prix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckhurst_Hill_County_High_School, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Champion_(presenter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorchester_Bay_(Boston_Harbor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janata_Dal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viveka_Babajee, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronny_Vencatachellum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Dion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panathinaikos_F.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katyayana_(Buddhist), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palang_Dharma_Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_architecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bream_Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hartness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galatasaray_Handball_Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangan_Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Montenegro_(1992–2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Hair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_of_Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roundhead_(Wyandot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bantam_Spectra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_M43
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrunalini_Kunte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Society_Foundations, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Weber_Soros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Rutherford, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Weber_Soros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mouse_Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Top_Ballet, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Front_Row_(software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interplay_Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Kazemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zambia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Tucker's_Tooth, http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skeleton_Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolutely_Fabulous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Liga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Tucker's_Tooth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading,_Berkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Van_Gundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea_F.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_Dennis, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorpsycho_Nitemare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AeroKlub_Wrocław
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piotr_Gruszka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Film_School_in_Łódź
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmie_Lou_Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manu_Cornet, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google.by
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATTS_College_of_Aeronautics, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Speelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Kubrick, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Harvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Trackpad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momoko_Kōchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeast_Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Si-Chen, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Walgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evraz, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea_F.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombay_Sapphire, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rev_(drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riley_Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Stevens_(film_editor), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Schumacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luther:_The_Calling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Broadcasting_System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newin_Chidchob, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seni_Pramoj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxury_vehicle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_M._Sears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_Department_of_Transportation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eristoff, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombay_Sapphire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacillales, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacteria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_(Thailand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_City_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Copeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abhijit_Kunte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabio_Mercurio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eristoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_City_Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Shore_Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_GNOME_Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quest_Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthrax, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Meissner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman:_Arkham_City_Lockdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_S._Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Scherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludovic_Boi, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Augustin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Catlin_Partridge, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_Hume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside_Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Maas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Springer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Stokes, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stiglitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Monroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Course
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathimerini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lydia_Clarke, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soylent_Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Pass, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Dancing_(album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katyayana_(Buddhist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yokohama_National_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cockroach_Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papeete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Arisman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Enrique_(footballer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refriango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_L.R._McNichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fuller, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Seacrest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rishang_Keishing, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purnima_Banerjee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPhone_OS_1, http://dbpedia.org/resource/XNU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quick_bread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._W._Jeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_S._Michell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viveka_Babajee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donn_Barber, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_McGregor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liang_Chow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Springs_Mountain_Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Jacket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Bryant, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Stokes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington_County,_Virginia, http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pentagon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pequea_Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Claude_Latombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playboy_Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pentagon, http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Department_of_Defense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Anthony_(artist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baja_California_Peninsula, http://dbpedia.org/resource/WEPG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._Terry_Dornbush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiq,_Ethiopia, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adugna_Deyas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Goose_(vodka), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombay_Sapphire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatoly_Kharlampiyev, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyudmila_Buldakova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._K._Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Frelinghuysen_(general)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Graden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_McGregor, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_W._Pillsbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman,_Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_AN/GSG-5_Battery_Integration_and_Radar_Display_Equipment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thud!, http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATTS_College_of_Aeronautics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mojo_Priest, http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Deadly_Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coneygree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Madden_Football_'92
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterCard_Centre, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Bibeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Ysursa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Krasner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montañas_Mayas_Chiquibul, http://dbpedia.org/resource/José_Bernardo_Escobar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argentine_Primera_División
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Drayton, http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EXperimental_Computing_Facility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chip_Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlayStation_4, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oddworld:_Munch's_Oddysee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_St._Clair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomberg_Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radhabinod_Koijam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtual_Console, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirokazu_Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_House,_London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Drayton, http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Madison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomberg_L.P.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merritt_Paulson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1997_Canadian_Grand_Prix, http://dbpedia.org/resource/1994_Spanish_Grand_Prix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betsy's_Wedding, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixteen_Candles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podgorica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Meissner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKechnie_Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_Highlands_State_Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letitia_MacTavish_Hargrave, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sextus_Barbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esnault-Pelterie_R.E.P._1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_SHO_V6_engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frédéric_Joliot-Curie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benelux, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerguelen_Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Clay_(Georgia), http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Carmichael_(diplomat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celal_Bayar_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mekong_River_Commission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauritius_Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firmicutes, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacteria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Suns, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_Clippers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_T._Grasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Peterman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Schaffer, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newington,_Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Piqué
http://dbpedia.org/resource/José_Ruiz_y_Blasco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBC, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Melcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey's_Mellerdrammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghana_School_of_Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dofinivka_Estuary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Educational_Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington_Heights,_Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAGE_Publications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frampton's_Camel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_XII_Auletes, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_XIII_Theos_Philopator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Englewood,_Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelby_County,_Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Commercial_Bank_Mauritius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Peddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Speraw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan_Central_High_School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_and_Les_Charles, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rancho_Cucamonga,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Muzaffar_Umar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Asia_Subregional_Economic_Cooperation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drop.io, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_(Pink_Floyd_song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmie_Lou_Fisher, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Bryant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_List_(golfer), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Trammell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Blay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full-size_car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watkins_Glen,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richie_Aprile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Nice_Pair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cars_(film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HBO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_(Thailand), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajahn_Thate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orson_Welles, http://dbpedia.org/resource/RKO_Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LoDaisKa_Site, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Blues_Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Morozevich, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitri_Nossov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Hockey_League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Peacock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Taipei_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Credit_Company, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_SHO_V8_engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorectal_cancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_(ice_hockey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Chess, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vishwajyot_High_School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katima_Mulilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manu_Cornet, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Web_Toolkit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falmouth_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Broadcasting_Company, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Dunkleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mota-Engil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WRVU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glover_(video_game), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Mario_Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/String_theory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_von_Papen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coalition_Provisional_Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paphos_International_Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Lippisch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1997_Canadian_Grand_Prix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holler_If_Ya_Hear_Me_(musical)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Macklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1994_Spanish_Grand_Prix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1999_San_Marino_Grand_Prix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egushawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bocas_Town,_Bocas_del_Toro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1993_European_Grand_Prix, http://dbpedia.org/resource/1989_Portuguese_Grand_Prix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Five_(The_Vampire_Diaries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tackle_(gridiron_football_position)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putri_Raemawasti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuna_salad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/René_Romano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodrigues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Friedman, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminator_3:_Rise_of_the_Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(U.S._state)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey's_Mellerdrammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Naval_Command
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Rosenstock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_F/A-18E/F_Super_Hornet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tukwila,_Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mateusz_Morawiecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vostok_programme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fikret_Orman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isa_(name)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EXXV-TV, http://dbpedia.org/resource/WXXV-DT2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boonchu_Rojanastien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottfried_Galle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fuller, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Broadcasting_Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Southern_and_Antarctic_Lands, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Montenegro_(1992–2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mishal_Raheja, http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_India_Assurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBBC_(TV_channel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_A._Siegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Can't_Change_the_World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlayStation_4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laureano_Ibarra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brideun_School_for_Exceptional_Children, http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._J._Crombeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Chevrolet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlayStation_4, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxconn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roshan_Ranasinghe, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nhiek_Tioulong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Marc_Germain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS, http://dbpedia.org/resource/C++
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Paulsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Ocean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Magnuson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blytheville_High_School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MSX_BASIC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Uniamési
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlayStation_4, http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlayStation_2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Kirchschläger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Sawchuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_National
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand_Chess_Federation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Cronenweth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Red_Sox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karinga_Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timoteo_Jeffries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Broadcasting_Union, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_Deum_(Charpentier)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Stokes, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyche_Fowler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Society_Foundations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumbini_Bauddha_University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bowlby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Broadcasting_Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlayStation_2, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Red_Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rev_(drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mudbloods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheldon_Harnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Tucker's_Tooth, http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_House_(1929_film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen-Belsen_concentration_camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Commercial_Bank_Mauritius, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauritius_Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Kozmeniuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra_Chess_Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Reserve_Bank_Building_(Seattle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Lerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Dunbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_Highlands_State_Park, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patty_Lin, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_W._Olin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_International_Corporation, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Doyle_(filmmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustavo_Rojas_Pinilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroman, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karakuri_Dôji_Ultimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Graden, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susie_Liggat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazabuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_City_of_Venice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Television, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Temple's_Storybook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Java_Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Risk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1993_European_Grand_Prix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_McClure_(table_tennis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sukhumbhand_Paribatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judson_Huss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Moreno_Rojas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truman_McGill_Hobbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europa_(moon), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callisto_(moon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Zackham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaudhary_Devi_Lal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes-Haverty_Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Mate, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Molony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malik_Ausean_Evans, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_Fuller_(basketball)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland_Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pentagon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Bibeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_Clippers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theme_Time_Radio_Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilton,_Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice's_Wonderland, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Tucker's_Tooth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_to_Your_Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_O._Wolcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fugitive_Kind, http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Notebook_of_Trigorin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viacom_(original)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT&T_Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Rutherford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Derek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tornado_(web_server)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard-Westlake_School, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palo_Alto,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panos_Ioannides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Border_and_Coast_Guard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minbari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Springer, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Bautista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torrey_Pines_Gliderport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michaelhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pōmare_II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTK+
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LG_Optimus_Vu, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dart_(programming_language)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sissela_Bok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emacs_Lisp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nii_Okaija_Adamafio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminator_2:_Judgment_Day, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Friedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Bak_(computer_programmer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aghasalim_Childagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hofstadter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Grauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Earth_to_the_Moon_(miniseries), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_in_Common
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_Will_Be_Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Time_Entertainment_Network, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Netter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawnee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashanti_Region
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galician_Wikipedia, http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Wikipedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thames_Estuary, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading,_Berkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mon_Capitaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Amand-en-Puisaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Bryant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenosha,_Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_Is_a_Good_Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dart_(programming_language)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_rifle, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benelux, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Montenegro_(1992–2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophiæ_Naturalis_Principia_Mathematica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading,_Berkshire, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southend-on-Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kang_Young-hoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playtone, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_E._Ambrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanggar_Agung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Anthony_(artist), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_Repertory_Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Ausserer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Miami_Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Harlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangerine_Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Robert_Woodyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skeleton_Dance, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Tucker's_Tooth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_La_Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester_College,_Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemini_8, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Stevens_(film_editor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dzogchen_Ponlop_Rinpoche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Crombie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Television, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobham_Training_Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustavo_Rojas_Pinilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mouse_Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heydar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cahora_Bassa, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batoka_Gorge_Hydroelectric_Power_Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_B._Ruth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katima_Mulilo_Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Animle_Hansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paphos_District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricardo_Alfonso_Cerna, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apostolic_Vicariate_of_El_Petén
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defenceman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_de_Robles, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_de_Cervantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purvis_Eureka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr._Agnel_Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judson_Huss, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabelle_Caro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crusade_(TV_series), http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Copeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharevousa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orson_Welles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chordate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defenceman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siddhartha_Shankar_Ray, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamla_Beniwal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viacom_Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Gazette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_de_Robles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desilu_Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_Hume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Roberts_Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Pashnin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_Whitecaps_FC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Deeley, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridley_Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teriitaria_II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EXXV-TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nice_&_Smooth, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Same_Song_(Digital_Underground_song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombay_Sapphire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkish_Handball_Super_League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_III, http://dbpedia.org/resource/McDonnell_Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Leow_Beng_Kim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Redding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Heath_radar_station, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German-occupied_Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirokazu_Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Moriarty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Dalek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Freeman_Days, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_On_Over_(Bee_Gees_song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnolia_Plantation_and_Gardens_(Charleston,_South_Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellenic_Naval_Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Bell, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Plosser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cookie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupelo,_Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Moffat, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASA, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemini_8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnipeg_River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorpsycho_Nitemare, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moondog_Matinee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aachen_Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Pius_XI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey's_Mellerdrammer, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Tucker's_Tooth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_11, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemini_8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Williams_Tunnel, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_P._Zakim_Bunker_Hill_Memorial_Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Awakening_(1980_film), http://dbpedia.org/resource/55_Days_at_Peking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorpsycho_Nitemare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_11, http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Multimedia, http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visions_(convention)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weber_Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iyoas_I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Michael_Straczynski, http://dbpedia.org/resource/TNT_(TV_channel)